[WIP] OSDOCS-12318: adding procedure for using image mode for RHEL (#87637)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-rhel-image-creating-virtual-machine.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-running-bootc-image-in-VM.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-install-rhel-image-creating-virtual-machine_{context}"]
= Creating virtual machine

.Procedure

. Download a RHEL boot ISO image from https://developers.redhat.com/products/rhel/download.
. Copy the downloaded file to the /var/lib/libvirt/images directory.
. Run the following commands to create a RHEL virtual machine with 2 cores, 2GB of RAM and 20GB of storage:
+
[source,terminal]
----
VMNAME=microshift-4.17-bootc
NETNAME=default

sudo virt-install \
    --name ${VMNAME} \
    --vcpus 2 \
    --memory 2048 \
    --disk path=/var/lib/libvirt/images/${VMNAME}.qcow2,size=20 \
    --network network=${NETNAME},model=virtio \
    --events on_reboot=restart \
    --location /var/lib/libvirt/images/rhel-9.4-$(uname -m)-boot.iso \
    --initrd-inject kickstart.ks \
    --extra-args "inst.ks=file://kickstart.ks" \
    --wait
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> The command uses the kickstart file prepared in the previous step to pull a bootc image from the remote registry and use it to install the RHEL operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command uses the Kickstart file prepared in the previous step to pull a bootc image from the remote registry and use it to install the RHEL operating system.
```
what installs RHEL? this command or the Kickstart is by image builder?

Author: the command. sentence updated

====
. Log into the virtual machine using the redhat:<password> credentials.

.Verification

> . Run the following command to verify that all the MicroShift pods are up and running without errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to verify that all of the {microshift-short} pods are running without errors.
```

Author: done

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-running-bootc-image-in-VM.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-install-rhel-image-creating-virtual-machine_{context}"]
= Creating virtual machine

You can create a virtual machine using the following procedure.

.Procedure

. Download the {op-system-base-full} boot ISO image from the link:https://developers.redhat.com/products/rhel/download.

. Copy the downloaded file to the `/var/lib/libvirt/images` directory.

. Create a {op-system-base-full} virtual machine with 2 cores, 2GB of RAM and 20GB of storage by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
VMNAME=microshift-4.17-bootc

> NETNAME=default

Author: done

$ sudo virt-install \
    --name ${VMNAME} \
    --vcpus 2 \
    --memory 2048 \
    --disk path=/var/lib/libvirt/images/${VMNAME}.qcow2,size=20 \
    --network network=${NETNAME},model=virtio \
    --events on_reboot=restart \
    --location /var/lib/libvirt/images/rhel-9.4-$(uname -m)-boot.iso \
    --initrd-inject kickstart.ks \
    --extra-args "inst.ks=file://kickstart.ks" \
    --wait
----
+

> [NOTE]

Author: This is mentioned under "System requirements for installing MicroShift" section. Should it be mentioned again here @ggiguash please suggest.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: I see it now in the Getting Ready to Install section. No need to add additional wording.

====
The command uses the Kickstart file to pull a bootc image from the remote registry and install the {op-system-base-full} operating system.
====

> . Log in to the virtual machine using your `redhat` credentials.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Log in to the virtual machine by using your `redhat` credentials.
```

Author: done

.Verification

> . Verify that all the {microshift-short} pods are running without error, by entering the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Verify that all the {microshift-short} pods are running without error, by running the following command:
```

Author: done
